[client-py] Normalize root url from `optionsFromEnvironment`. (#2252)
taskcluster/taskcluster: changelog/qlFnyP-oQxiv5az6H7aapQ.md

level: patch
---

> Normalize the root URL from `optionsFromEnvironment` in the python bindings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Python client now normalizes the root URL in `optionsFromEnvironment()`.
```
(I know, I know, I'm picky)

Good go merge AFAIC with that change.
